Okay, if you are a emperor, you must be able to come in the future
You come to fight with me, you win, you are a king
You lose, you die.
One Emperor
Hurry up and teach this little security guard a lesson
How dare he provoke you?
I just don't know how high the sky is
Hey, kill chickens and use knives
These positions under my command
You can take care of him in minutes
Zhanwei in Li Ke
Give me this
The thick boy is useless for me.
It's Lord Wildfire
Smelly security guard, don't you hurry up and get out by yourself?
You have to provoke Lord Yi Huang
Is there another corpse in my house?
Shen Xueruo, you really take yourself seriously
Really if it wasn't for your father's sake
I don't care about you.
Don't put gold on your face
Only Lord Yi Huang is worthy of this world
Hmph, a rascal dog like you
I could never have my eye on you
You're dead to this heart
I see your face is three points red
Face like peach blossom
If I'm not mistaken
I'm afraid this fake clothes emperor has drugged you
Xiaoda, what nonsense are you talking about?
What did I say?
You have to pay for what you did today
outrageous
Since you dare to challenge me
I won't kill you today
He became a world legend in vain
Quickly scrap him for me